Here is the new era and games for games
playstation 3 playstation 4 and xbox one
on digital media
I 'm going to go youtube movie
that one who speaks once more to the
bringing another video for you guys
everyone much more welcome to my
My Photo
here bringing you more or videos
in a gt epic as you have seen
trying to greet you
look at the state of my control and I went
Say hello, I ended up giving a smack.
at the time of the bis ganswindt then there is the
face arrive the lss lcs araújo lsc araújo
He also has a channel on youtube, I'm going
put his channel on the
description of this video to show the
location we are going to do here one
break a place of applied physics in this
will point you down here by the bridge
will come here O
You'll just be in the club.
Okay, so what time do you have to take it?
careful what you have is you're off the grid
that he was not even thinking that
I was at hand and I'll see soon
the business like exploding there and begins to
take damage does not have to take a bit of
Be careful in this matter, right to you.
do not get out there from the local the blythe
consequently police to kill
You can kill enemy police friends.
to ride a donkey horse you want
You want to kill here, you kill one.
other place that very cool physics not
applied interestingly that it is not
only right limbo is not just you
enter places
and you give it to yourself you stay there giving
shoot the cops by increasing their
head shot that right now I saw that
I was taking damage
the galera was the one of the also a little more
back that you're out of place and
where do you have to stay then has
to pay a little attention and
received that took 12 already site retreated a
little therefore you go
to succeed in there is doing
this one more this to break but in this place
applied physics and increasing
consequently the chain of fire of your
character if you can not
get to the exact 100% because I
I brought a lot of local or put
numbering because if you were to place
numbering crew that goal question of
fashion and physics not applied
we will be there at least at number 10 12
or 15 I do not know about 14 for a lot of video
from here totally all of them are
many different
the guys always have a good support
interesting feedback from the crowd is well
cool the guys like it when I bring
this is and was turned I saw this more here
in the channel of a gringo but if I do not
I was wrong to see scenes already brought there.
so I do not remember who brought
Who has not even brought his head yet?
You have to get the camera.
that the outside drag the head
here again and ends up entering the grid
again took great care with
this question and if not do you finish who
they leave the milk and consequently
take a shower so now I met here
it's also already at level-5 is this
same level 5 police almost never
Can you get to level-5 face of
police and I ended up getting there level 5 with
This place here is very interesting.
also gives enough points to the galera if
you can do it
is to flee the police, consequently
quite and ipi do not reflect
considerable with you come to mind
swinging was off-site and gave a
despair now I'm back in here I
I'm good then it basically means
in this place so that you can have
success on this note and not die
It sure will bring joy to show you if
Did you not forget to rate the
video with your fan liked it but still
favorite video was not written from
liked what he saw simply.
we're following more more videos
also heard you if you can
share this video on your networks
facebook twitter I do not know where it is
Do you have more people for you?
can share my work so that
he is seen by more and more people
correct
I'll also tell you that you have a
extension of mozilla firefox and google
chrome in this description do not forget to
because you can not afford to
no video that boots youtube is
fully disclosed then on facebook
facebook.com barrica this data in skype
and scholarship and it happens both on twitter at
Do not forget to select the
social networks you can not afford to miss
no content content so leaves the
You can there then for you to stay
from there on these issues right away
I thank remain strong with God
hug until the next kiss video on these
Your sexy asses guards and went